slugs search for somewhere Shady to
escape the Sun a damp cranny to hide in
during the day deep inside the walls
they have the perfect place not only to
shelter but to lay their eggs
slug eggs can lay dormant for months or
even years if conditions are not right
but here the wall and the damp soil
keeps them moist and protected in only
four weeks the embryos can develop from
just a few cells into perfectly formed
baby slugs soon it's time to hatch
although some seem reluctant to leave
the protection of their eggs
[Music]
finally they slither off to feed and
eventually start a new generation of
their own
[Music]
you